Rework testnet and Delete working groups (#92)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/testnet.md

- [x] [Dev Net 1](#devnet-1)
- [x] [Dev Net 2](#devnet-2)
- [x] [Athena Public Testnet 1](#athena-public-testnet-1)
- [ ] [Bia Public Testnet 2](#bia-public-testnet-2)

> - [ ] [Circe Attack Net](#cerce-attack-net)

Reviewer: Looks like I've been mispelling it and it's Circe not Cerce 😬  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circe#:~:text=Circe%20(%2F%CB%88s%C9%9C%CB%90rs,knowledge%20of%20potions%20and%20herbs.

- Block proposals in place

## Athena Public Testnet 1

**Participants:** Obol Community

**State:** Bare Minimum

**Network:** Görli

**Completed date:** October 2022

**Duration:** 2 week cluster setup, 8 weeks operation

**Goals:**

- Get distributed validators into the hands of the Obol Early Community for the first time
- Create the first public onboarding experience and gather feedback. This is the first time we need to provide comprehensive instructions for as many platforms (Unix, Mac, Windows) in as many languages as possible.
- Make deploying Ethereum validator nodes accessible using the CLI
- Generate a huge backlog of bugs, feature requests, platform requests and integration requests

## Bia Public Testnet 2

**Participants:** Obol Community, Ethereum staking community

**State:** MVP

**Network:** Görli

**Target Completed date:** March 2023

**Duration:** 2 week cluster setup, 4-8 weeks operation

**Goals:**

- Engage the wider Solo and Professional Ethereum Staking Community.
- Get integration feedback.
- Build confidence in Charon after running DVs on an Ethereum testnet.

> - Prove Charon superior performance and benefits compared to other DVT solutions.

Reviewer: Maybe lets cut this point, its probably better left unsaid

- Distributed Validator returns competitive versus single validator clients
- Make deploying Ethereum validator nodes accessible using the DV Launchpad.
- Build comprehensive guides for various profiles to spin up DVs with minimal supervision from the core team.

## Cerce Attack Net

**Participants:** Obol Community, Immunefi Bug Bounty searchers, Code4rena.io

**State:** Client Hardening

**Network:** Görli

**Target Completed Date:** June 2023

**Duration:** 2-4 weeks operation, depending on how resilient the clients are

**Goals:**

> - Break charon, launchpad, API in multiple ways after having tested the happy path during the previous testnets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Break charon, the launchpad, and the Obol API in multiple ways after having focused primarily on the happy path during the previous testnets.
```

> - Create a number of testing tools to facilitate the disruption of charon, including releasing a p2p network abuser, a fuzz testing client, k6 scripts for load testing/hammering an RPC endpoints and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a number of testing tools to facilitate the disruption of charon, including releasing a p2p network abuser, a fuzz testing client, k6 scripts for load testing/hammering RPC endpoints and more.
```
